[KeyVault] Add support for service version 7.6-preview.1 (#43811)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/keyvault/Azure.Security.KeyVault.Certificates/CHANGELOG.md

### Other Changes

> - The default service version is now "7.5-preview.1".

Reviewer: Is this version correct @nisha-bhatia? I think this might be `V7_6_Preview_1`

```suggestion
- The default service version is now "V7_6_Preview_1".
```
